I did n't take any time to review the subject outline nor did I log onto UTS Online to review any supporting information to provide context, I walked into class like a blank canvas.
I had no idea what this course was about but I was certain it had something to do with responsibility and leaders.
I reflected on this and felt decision making was like second nature, yes I over-thought my decisions whether it was personal or professional but I never thought of the act of having to justify my decisions.
Oddly enough I found it quite empowering to hear Natalia state the following `` Real life dilemmas often present choices between equally unfavorable or disagreeable alternatives.
How do you accept ownership for your decisions, well I think one of the key aspects to accountability is how ethical your decision making process is.
In my opinion the answer was no.
I continued to contemplate how I was going to tactfully address this questionable behaviour.
I personally felt that if I didn't participate in what I would consider as not such ethical behavioural then that separated me from being a part of that.
I wondered are organizations that are aligned to VBM practices more successful than those that are not?
Hence we have an attraction and retention issue.
It was a really difficult task and I could see Emily getting really nervous and sick to her stomach.
After the exercise, Natalia informed us that Bill's mantra to deliver this news was to ensure that his employees were treated with dignity and respect.
I really enjoyed hearing about a case, then placed into the case and developing an action plan on how to manage that case.
I have no idea why I do n't, but most of the times I prefer to sit quietly, listen, reflect and then contribute.
I found him to be such an interesting and confident Executive Vice President, he was n't like the other three leaders that I had observed before and the difference was authenticity.
Throughout these few weeks I have been very interested in understanding what things were, how they worked, where and why the equipment was used etc., however I had not been nearly as interested in understanding the personal safety factors when dealing with equipment.
As well as this, the training identified things in my day to day activities that could be dangerous to the equipment I was working on and that I was previously unaware of- I thought that just wearing the ESD strap meant that I was abiding by the rules.
For example now that I understand that the ESD strap was to protect electrical components from electrostatic discharge, I am also aware that the surrounding environment can harm equipment in the same way and I should not take open equipment to a workbench that does not have a static mat which is grounded properly.
In the end I felt quite useless and frustrated that my knowledge after almost three weeks in the role was indeed limited.
Personally I believe I performed well in the things I felt qualified to do, but as for those that I had not been trained in, I felt that I handled the situation very poorly by giving the work to others in my team.
I discussed my concerns with my mentor after the event took place and she emphasised the importance of collaboration in a team before an individual should be expected to hold responsibility.
