It then made me wonder how often do leaders accept accountability?
This made me really wonder why is it acceptable to act unethically?
It made me wonder if those employees who obtained information through questionable practices were monetarily rewarded?
It made me wonder does Murdoch now ` walk the Code of Ethics talk' or is this considered lip service to keep the public satisfied?
However I have learnt that he may be excelling his Key Performance Indicators by winning sales but he is damaging the corporate culture through his aggressive, insensitive, calculated and borderline bullying and discriminating behaviours which are impacting employee morale.
My main assumption at this point was based on corporate structure, power and politics and lack of severe consequences when unethical behaviour is demonstrated.
I felt it was crucial for me to understand this so that I can better understand and be aware when I am making or supporting the making of decisions that may potentially be deemed unethical.
It really made me wonder why is ok?
This was something new to me as I have not heard about it before.
Upon reflection I realized that my workplace does not adopt VBM practices.
Sadly what this means is that if numbers are n't looking good each quarter cost cutting exercises are implemented.
It really made me wonder when will there be a shift in short term thinking to long term thinking.
It made me wonder why we do n't ever hear about organizations that restructure responsibly.
We thought how would we prefer to hear this type of news, what will be the employees pain points, what things can do to ensure we address these pain points as much as possible, how can we deliver this information so it is clear but also personable etc..
From this exercise what I learnt most was not how it impacted employees but more so about the leaders role.
This resonated with me because in my early career in HR one of my senior colleagues taught me that exact same mantra and I pass on that same mantra to the leaders I work with, however sometimes it can be a struggle when I encounter leaders who are destructive.
It gelled with me rather well, that when I went back into the workplace I felt the desire to mention it to one of the Vice Presidents I support, hoping that by planting that seed one day I will get to see the benefits.
This reaffirmed that maybe this workplace was n't aligned to my values and this workplace was just a stepping stone into finding a workplace I felt I made valuable contributions towards.
As a result, when I felt ` safe' around a harmless circuit board, I would sometimes neglect the strap as I did n't see it as a threat to my safety.
I understand that I was told to wear the strap whenever handling open equipment, however I believe it was my supervisor's responsibility to emphasise why, or to introduce me to the training before I began work on the equipment.
From this training I realised that although I was following the procedure -LRB- wearing the ESD strap -RRB-, I was not aware of why and how this could be dangerous to equipment.
I was not aware of what the strap really did or what extra precautions I needed to take in order to compensate for what the strap does not do.
As a result I felt very unprofessional and although my behaviour did not do any immediate harm to the equipment, I still felt guilty that I had not taken the necessary precautions or taken any interest in understanding why I was wearing the strap.
From this experience I have learnt that is important to not only be interested in asking questions about equipment, how they work and how to fix them, but also to understand all necessary safety precautions -LRB- personal and also in respect to keeping equipment safe -RRB-.
I have learnt to question more, even if it may not be directly related to my interests, and to always understand why I am doing something.
I expected that I was only responsible for the tasks that I had been trained in however what actually happened was the queue of requests in this online reporting system was far too large, most of the requests I had not been trained how to handle and so the situation got out of hand, I had to send some requests to other members of the team so they could take care of them.
The situation would definitely have been worse if I did not have the other team members to help me, however it would have been easily resolved if I was capable of solving all the online requests by myself because then I would be carrying an equal responsibility, rather than putting more work on others.
My mentor was able to redirect my thinking and stated that the reason I was unable to handle my responsibility in my role was because I had not previously taken advantage of the team and learnt how they dealt with the tasks I had been given.
The main concern I had in this situation was that when I realised I was unable to complete my task, as I had not received training in it, I simply gave it to someone else.
