So simply put I didn't have an agenda or set expectations for this subject and that was kind of exciting.
I felt that it gave me confidence to make my decisions so long as I was able to justify my actions and I was willing to accept accountability for it.
I reflected upon my own experience with working with leaders and I'd have to say minimal.
I felt this was a really good example to help me understand what a good/effective leader is.
For me personally it is about understanding that we live in a civilized society were we are to treat each other with respect and dignity not because it's the` nice' thing to do but because it's the` right' thing to do.
During one of the lectures I was first introduced to Values Based Management -LRB- VBM -RRB-.
It made me empathise with what leaders have to go through when they are delivering bad news.
Two key highlights that I learnt from that information session were about leaders.
One aspect was Leadership was about the impact you have on others, this was a powerful statement to me, because most of the time when you read about leadership it talks about having followers and the influence you have over people to follow you.
Upon finishing the subject, I honestly felt it was a worthwhile subject to do.
I really respected the subject content as it felt authentic and that aligned to my personal values and how I operate as a human being.
This led me to think about authentic leadership, you can't buy that, its genuine and you can't fake it.
There was nothing exciting about the meeting it was like a casual conversation between people, it felt real and for that reason I found it inspirational.
This was such a refreshing article to read, because to be honest I was a little cynical that these types of organisations did exist.
I expected that because I was following these rules I was executing my role in a way that followed all the safety policies.
As a result I could have potentially been harming equipment without realising.
The main reason this situation got so out of hand was because half the team was on training and I was the sole person responsible for answering the engineers' online requests.
I feel that I did this very poorly and thus impacted the team and as a result, on this occasion, we were very inefficient.
As a result the lesson that I learnt about being accountable for actions can be applied to any individual situation where decision making is required, or to situations where an engineer must be able to manage others.
In order to do this I have utilise the method of collaborative learning before I can accept to be assigned a high degree of individual responsibility.
From previous experiences this approach has always worked as I have been eager to learn.
