Oddly enough I found it quite empowering to hear Natalia state the following ``Real life dilemmas often present choices between equally unfavorable or disagreeable alternatives.
I found this statement powerful,in fact enlightening.
I felt that it gave me confidence to make my decisions so long as I was able to justify my actions and I was willing to accept accountability for it.
I reflected upon my own experience with working with leaders and I 'd have to say minimal.
This made me really wonder why is it acceptable to act unethically?
I felt this was a really good example to help me understand what a good/effective leader is.
However I have learnt that he may be excelling his Key Performance Indicators by winning sales but he is damaging the corporate culture through his aggressive,insensitive,calculated and borderline bullying and discriminating behaviours which are impacting employee morale.
I felt it was crucial for me to understand this so that I can better understand and be aware when I am making or supporting the making of decisions that may potentially be deemed unethical.
This quote really resided with me.
I personally felt that if I did n't participate in what I would consider as not such ethical behavioural then that separated me from being a part of that.
For me personally it is about understanding that we live in a civilized society were we are to treat each other with respect and dignity not because it 's the`nice'thing to do but because it 's the`right'thing to do.
This resonated with me because in my early career in HR one of my senior colleagues taught me that exact same mantra and I pass on that same mantra to the leaders I work with,however sometimes it can be a struggle when I encounter leaders who are destructive.
This statement however was powerful because it makes a leader accountable for their actions and the impact it has on people.
I really enjoyed hearing about a case,then placed into the case and developing an action plan on how to manage that case.
In particular I really enjoyed hearing about the pharmaceutical case study in our last tutorial.
Reflecting back on the entire subject,I myself personally felt I would have liked to see myself contribute verbally more to the wider class.
I found him to be such an interesting and confident Executive Vice President,he was n't like the other three leaders that I had observed before and the difference was authenticity.
There was nothing exciting about the meeting it was like a casual conversation between people,it felt real and for that reason I found it inspirational.
This reaffirmed that maybe this workplace was n't aligned to my values and this workplace was just a stepping stone into finding a workplace I felt I made valuable contributions towards.
I initially thought that doing what I was told,wearing the ESD strap when handling open equipment,was all I needed to do to keep myself safe.
As a result,when I felt `safe'around a harmless circuit board,I would sometimes neglect the strap as I did n't see it as a threat to my safety.
From this experience I have learnt that is important to not only be interested in asking questions about equipment,how they work and how to fix them,but also to understand all necessary safety precautions -LRB- personal and also in respect to keeping equipment safe -RRB-.
I have learnt to question more,even if it may not be directly related to my interests,and to always understand why I am doing something.
I expected that I was only responsible for the tasks that I had been trained in however what actually happened was the queue of requests in this online reporting system was far too large,most of the requests I had not been trained how to handle and so the situation got out of hand,I had to send some requests to other members of the team so they could take care of them.
I understand that I could do nothing in this situation because I had handled the tasks that I had been trained in,however I felt that if I knew more I would have been more help and the situation would not have gotten so out of hand.
In the end I felt quite useless and frustrated that my knowledge after almost three weeks in the role was indeed limited.
Personally I believe I performed well in the things I felt qualified to do,but as for those that I had not been trained in,I felt that I handled the situation very poorly by giving the work to others in my team.
I discussed my concerns with my mentor after the event took place and she emphasised the importance of collaboration in a team before an individual should be expected to hold responsibility.
My mentor was able to redirect my thinking and stated that the reason I was unable to handle my responsibility in my role was because I had not previously taken advantage of the team and learnt how they dealt with the tasks I had been given.
In order to understand how to handle responsibility I must first be confident in my role and in order to do this I have to learn off my team members and be trained in my tasks before being assigned such responsibility.
The main concern I had in this situation was that when I realised I was unable to complete my task,as I had not received training in it,I simply gave it to someone else.
From previous experiences this approach has always worked as I have been eager to learn.
I will develop goals for myself during the week so that each week I have learnt a new skill and can comfortably complete the task and take responsibility for the way it unfolds,whether it be positively or whether it results in complaints.
